It was you who led the troops to surround my cultural relics.
To you, I really want to play Shenyue,
I also ask Dijun to give me a chance to become familiar with the team.
The opportunity is to prove it yourself,
Give me everything plus the silver military power of Taiwan’s silver country,
In fact, please give me a piece of the divine moon. good,
He also understands things well. In this case,
Then I'll stab you with a piece of the divine moon,
Comrades.
You all admire me
Give me something I can't get
The body also becomes available
You die together
Let's go to the clouds together
But I kept my safety
Thank you Dijun
three years later
Whoever comes to the exhibition according to our government is a borrower of the conference
I will send it to you even if I don't do it gently, gently, gently
Put it in front of your family again
I will give you a first-class treatment
But it can help me
i will return to
I can't be bothered by anyone, understand
You'll be back soon
I'm back to protect
Everyone thinks of this
If you think my family’s opinions are closed,
a writer's opinion